#summary Known issues
#labels Featured

  * Process auto-discovery of !WebSphere instances may fail on Windows. This has been observed with RHQ 3.0.0, Windows XP and !WebSphere 8.0, but is likely to occur with other versions. The issue is caused by the fact that the !WebSphere process has a long list of command line arguments and that this list is truncated by RHQ (or by the [http://www.hyperic.com/products/sigar SIGAR] library used by RHQ).
  * On RHQ versions before 4.5, if a single agent is used to monitor a large number of !WebSphere instances, the plug-in may fail to collect all metrics. One of the symptoms of the issue is that the _Late Collections per Minute_ metric on the _Agent Measurement Subsystem_ resource constantly remains at a non zero value. The problem is caused by a flaw in RHQ. See [https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=834019 BZ 834019].
  * The [https://docs.jboss.org/author/display/RHQ/RHQ+Agent+Installation#RHQAgentInstallation-PreparingYourAgentToBeAutoUpdatable agent auto-update feature] doesn't work well with the RHQ !WebSphere plug-in because part of the configuration is lost during auto-update. To work around the issue, update the agent(s) manually using the following procedure:
    # Stop the RHQ agent.
    # Launch the agent installer using `java -jar ~/rhq-agent-x.y.z.jar --update --launch false`.
    # The update preserves the changes in `bin/rhq-agent-env.sh`, but neither the JAR files added to the class path nor the `conf/commons-logging.properties` file. Therefore you need to reexecute the relevant steps described in the [SetupGuide setup guide] (or copy the relevant files from the agent backup created by the installer).
    # The persistent state of the plug-in is lost during the update, as described in [https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=863346 BZ 863346]. Therefore you need to restore it from the backup of the old RHQ agent, e.g. using `cp -a rhq-agent-OLD/data/WebSphere rhq-agent/data`.
  * (Issue #12) The RHQ !WebSphere plug-in allows to change the `maxConnections` property of a JDBC data source at runtime. This is particularly handy during certain types of incidents. However, after the value is changed, there may be a noticeable performance degradation of the !WebSphere server. The issue persists even after the `maxConnections` property has been reset, and a restart of the server is necessary to restore normal performance.
  * The RHQ !WebSphere plug-in is affected by class loader leaks caused by issues in the IBM libraries. Note that this is the case regardless of whether the IBM libraries are added to the class path of the agent or loaded by the plug-in class loader. This implies that it is generally not safe to restart the plug-in without restarting the JVM of the agent, i.e. it is not safe to use the _Restart Agent_ and _Restart Plugin Container_ operations defined by the _RHQ Agent_ resource. Instead, use the _Restart_ operation defined by the _RHQ Agent Launcher Script_ resource or restart the agent manually from the command line.